what's up guys and welcome to bland
party land party is the show where Brad
and I from the fray W channel and
Tammany Knigge no not here we go not
preggers at the hospital yeah quarter
digit afraid that we team up to make
gaming business the way we think gaming
videos should go we already did one for
Battlefield and we asked you a couple
weeks ago to give some suggestions for
what games you think should play and we
heard you loud and clear so coming up
minecraft perfect dark game 964 assuming
we can find a a to television yeah we're
putting on a two times where I play on
any HD that's Brad just set Daisy yeah
melee and then uh what are we gonna do
harem online get to work as we need to
uh we need a whole bunch of games that
we're gonna be playing so stay tuned
we're just starting this up quit stop
shooting okay Jake stop soon arrows yeah
we're out here trying to film alright
anyways this is a weird enough anyway we
got crazy ideas for a bunch of games
coming up stay tuned we're going to be
doing a video pretty much every Friday
but next week Tuesday extra special
extra episode so we're kicking it off
next week stay tuned and follow us on
Twitter
okay
that's all we added enough chicken stop
it hey stop it
into the furniture Lambo ah it's like a
wicker basket company the creeper goes
off next to the house all right what
what camera wait but you're not
recording audio careless
you guys are reckless now I utterly just
blind of the prize and you blew me up